Hi Autumn,

I'll keep this short - there's a lot of content on here
for you to catch up on already :)

Happy 20! I wanted to use this little blurb to
walk through my thought process making this thing:
the inspiration, the process - I feel like you'd
appreciate that.

I probably had inklings of an idea around August -
I originally wanted to make a beautifully edited video
for you with all your friends and family. I wanted
something big for your two decades, something you could
look back on for the decades to come.

As I started collecting videos, inspiration began
trickling in - what if I made this something tangible,
not something you could double-click to open a few years
from now, but something you could touch, click, hear?

And with that, I completely scrapped the original idea.
I wanted to keep it simple, but have the design match
your style. I started off sketching ideas. Eventually
I started pulling inspiration from retro TVs/radios -
something about the design really got to me, and I
felt like it was something you would enjoy.

Colors were pretty easy - green (obviously), and a
complementary color. I figured cream would be a good
match.

The design went through a couple iterations before I
settled on this one. Originally, I had a rotary dial
in place for volume and scroll. I also had the switches
laid out horizontally at one point. I feel like the 
simplicity here landed at a sweet spot between having
the device be controllable while keeping the design 
itself relatively simplistic.

And then I ordered the parts... oh, were there issues.
The Raspberry Pi wouldn't fit in the enclosure when
plugged in, I purchased the wrong speaker amplifiers,
the switches weren't clicky enough, the power switch
ran off the wrong voltage, and so much more. So many
prototype parts were printed in the process.

Then wiring! I honestly had a blast making the
harnesses, plugging in the wires, testing circuits.
I felt like an EE major for a couple days making this
thing.

A couple prototypes later, everything fit. Even better,
everything worked! Speakers, switches, display. It was 
so gratifying seeing it all come together for the first
time.

But the work wasn't over. I reprinted in PETG and found
myself facing a new beast - spray painting. I had never
done this before, but some concepts were familiar. Priming
wasn't completely foreign to me - after all, we were
doing something similar on aero last year. Understanding 
spray patterns and actually spraying the paints and clear
coats, though, was harder than I initially expected. I'm
embarrassed of the number of times I had to sand and recoat
the enclosure. After messing a couple pieces up, though,
the enclosure was done within a week.

And last but not least, final assembly. I'm so happy
to see this thing come to life in full color. It was
such a great project to work on and I really hope you
enjoy it.


---


I made this because you deserve it. There are so many
people who love you. You have touched all of our lives
in meaningful ways, and I speak on behalf of everyone
on this device when I say you've made our lives better.

I love you, Autumn. You're the best part of my life
and I'll cherish you always. I'll forever be proud
to call you my love, my best friend, and my person.

- Adityan 
